Smart Hacker News Reader
The Problem
Hacker News gets hundreds of stories daily with thousands of comments. The discussions are often more valuable than the articles themselves — but reading through 200+ comments to find the key insights is time-consuming.
Build a Hacker News client that uses AI to summarize comment discussions.

What to Build
A Hacker News client with your own backend that adds AI-powered discussion summaries.
1. Hacker News Feed
Fetch and display stories from the HN API (top, new, best)
Story list showing: title, points, author, time ago, comment count
Click a story → see the full threaded/nested comment tree
Pagination or infinite scroll
2. Bookmarking
Save stories to your own database
View your bookmarked stories
Remove bookmarks
3. AI Discussion Summary
On any story with comments, a "Summarize Discussion" button
AI reads the comment thread and returns:
Key points discussed
Overall sentiment (positive, negative, mixed, neutral)
A short summary of the discussion
4. Search Bookmarks
Simple search across your bookmarked stories

Technical Requirements
Component
Requirement
Frontend
Your choice — React, Next.js, Vue, or anything you prefer for Web App
Backend
Any JS/TS or Python web framework (Express, NestJS, FastAPI, Django, etc.)
Database
Your choice — PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB, whatever fits your approach
AI
Any LLM — local (Ollama, LM Studio) or cloud API (OpenAI, Anthropic, Mistral, etc.)
Data Source
Hacker News API (free, public, no key needed)
Infrastructure
Docker Compose — docker-compose up must start everything

Your stack choices are part of the evaluation. Pick what you know best and be ready to explain why.
Note: If using a local LLM, it can be slow on CPU. That's fine — we care about how you handle the async processing, not the speed. Show a loading state, handle timeouts gracefully.

What We're Looking For
We're not looking for a production-ready application. We're looking for engineering quality in a small scope.
Problem approach — how you break down and prioritize
Backend & API design — data modeling, API structure, error handling
AI integration — prompt design, handling edge cases
Frontend — component structure, state management, usability
README — your approach, decisions, and tradeoffs

What We're NOT Looking For
No authentication needed
No multi-user support
No deployment or CI/CD
No tests required (but we won't complain if you add them)
Don't over-engineer — simple and clean beats complex and messy
Don't spend time on fancy styling — functional and clean is enough
If something is unclear, make an assumption and document it in your README.


Deliverables
Please submit your deliverables using the following form:
🔗 https://forms.gle/obwopWnWTHPfuV7R9
Your submission should include the following items:
1. GitHub Repository
• Public or private repository
• If the repository is private, please invite adar2378 for access
2. README File
Your repository must include a README containing:
• Clear setup instructions
• Explanation of your approach and architecture decisions
• Any tradeoffs you made during development
• Simple bullet points describing what you would improve or add if you had more time
3. Docker Requirement
The project must run using:
docker-compose up
This will be the first step during evaluation.